Rewrite docs, localize images, update examples (#91)
PGMDev/Website: docs/examples/airship-battle.mdx

    <tool>diamond pickaxe</tool>
    <tool>diamond axe</tool>
</toolrepair>
<!-- All of these items will be automatically removed when dropped -->
<itemremove>
    <item>gold helmet</item>
    <item>chainmail chestplate</item>
    <item>leather leggings</item>
    <item>leather boots</item>
    <item>obsidian</item>
    <item>arrow</item>
    <item>wood</item>
    <item>cooked fish</item>
    <item>ladder</item>
    <item>gold block</item>
    <item>bucket</item>
    <item>water bucket</item>
	<item>golden apple</item>
</itemremove>
```

[<i className="icon-right">➡️</i>](/docs/modules/gear/kill-rewards)
Reward players by giving various items for killing an enemy.

```xml
<kill-rewards>
    <kill-reward>
        <item amount="16" material="arrow"/>
        <item damage="1" amount="32" material="wood"/>
        <item material="golden apple"/>
    </kill-reward>
</kill-rewards>
```

[<i className="icon-right">➡️</i>](/docs/modules/gear/crafting)
Stop players from being able to craft specific blocks or items.

```xml
<crafting>
    <disable>chest</disable>
    <disable>boat</disable>
</crafting>
```

[<i className="icon-right">➡️</i>](/docs/modules/environment/world/#build-height)

> This specifies how high players can build, however, it doesn't stop them from going over this limit.

Reviewer: maybe clarify this applies only to block-place, they can still go, or, break blocks above this limit

Author: Would this be good? I can make sure it is updated on other maps with a build height.

```suggestion
This specifies how high players can build, however, it does not stop them from walking or breaking blocks above this limit.
```
